so you might have heard about Manis AI
this I think is fair to say is the
world's first autonomous AI agent I got
a chance to test it out and uh you need
to see this really fast here are some of
the other people that I follow online
that have tested it here's McKay rley
saying it's legitimately impressive and
as a reminder I don't do paid posts he's
kind of Blown Away by it starting to
freak out a little bit I may have
undersold this what in the world did I
get access to Here Without exaggeration
I'm genuinely being a super Earnest
about about this I think this experience
has shifted my worldview a bit that was
basically 80% of what I imagine
experiencing AGI will be like and I
agree with what he's saying and I do
have a need to tell you that no this is
not sponsored no one's paying me to say
these things this is I think the first
example of a fully autonomous AI agent
this seems way ahead of open AI of
anthropic I think this is what openi is
planning to release as their you know
$20,000 a month or for $10,000 or $2,000
month agents I think this is that
there's a couple things that it did that
I don't understand how it did that it
seems very smart across the board but
yeah I think March 7th this thing was
released I think that is the day we
entered the era of autonomous AI agents
so I was able to run five tests on it
before hitting my limit I've requested
an increase there's like a million
person waiting list so we'll see if
that's a possibility but take a look and
let me know what you think about 5
minutes ago I got access to to Mattis
let's go all right so first and foremost
we have standard High effort so high
effort mode employs a longer Chain of
Thought and performs more detailed tasks
breakdown though it requires more
processing time during the experimental
period this mode is limited to one use
per day all right we'll we'll save that
for last we'll stick with standard for
now so first and foremost let's uh let's
do some research on the AI made games
that are kind of going nuts you might
have seen fly Peter right that game that
was coded up with grock and CLA 2 by
Peter levels think last I checked it's
pulling in something like 100,000 per
month based on this fairly simple game
that was coded up fairly quickly using
AI technology so so we're going to say
research video games that were created
recently using AI for example using
cursor Gro 3 Cloud 3.7 Etc one example
is flyer.com basically whatever the
whatever they're doing however they're
making the code as long as it's
utilizing AI to build it that's what
we're looking for so so let's research
the top five to 10 games like that must
have been built in the last 3 months or
so get details about these games like
how they were built who is the creator
list any resources the Creator posted
online talking about how this was built
like videos X posts Etc let's say
YouTube videos so if they have YouTube
videos talking about how they built this
thing or posts on X about it uh we want
to see those then create a website that
showcases all of this with links to the
game to the Creator and a summary about
the most important things about the game
make the website have the aesthetic feel
of a '90s video game and away we go so
I've covered some this in the previous
video but what completely blew away my
mind about Manis is the way that they've
built it so so far I've only seen other
people using it this is the first time
that I I'm I'm using it Hands-On but as
far as I could tell from the previous
videos posted online madus itself so
they it has its own sort of computer its
own cloud computer that's running Linux
specifically it looks like Ubuntu and
it's got access to the command line
meaning it's kind of a super user on an
open source operat system which if done
correctly basically gives it tons of
power to do a lot of different stuff so
as you can see here the layout is a
little bit similar to Devon by cognition
AI to where you kind of have these
different windows and you can kind of
look through to see what it's doing so
here is a list of all of the sort of
websites that it's looking to and we can
scroll forward to see where it is in the
process all right so as you can see here
it created a to-do MD so in Linux MD is
a mark down file so you can kind of
think of it as a text editor but with
like a little bit more functionality so
it can be used for code for text Etc and
as you can see here it broke down the
tasks I gave it into subtasks we have
the search phase the research phase the
website creation Etc and for each one of
those it has subtasks and it shows it
completing the subtasks as it goes along
so as you can see here it's searching
YouTube I'm trying to find a shot of
where it actually is using the terminal
because we saw it pretty clearly in in
in another video that I saw online
interestingly we can also use mantis's
computer looks like we use vs code or
browser we'll do that later I don't want
to mess it up right now looks like it
does get blocked by Reddit so a lot of
the times when you're using these um you
know virtual machines it's not like an
actual desktop sitting somewhere it's
just a virtual machine that's kind of
simulating a desktop experience but um
as you can see here we can take control
so they've basically recreated operator
opening eyes operator they've also
recreated a lot of the functionality in
clad coder the brand new thing the
research preview that they've released
so here is the live view so is it is it
just sitting there watching a video I
wonder that's very interesting I'd be
surprised if it actually watches the
videos I don't think anything right now
currently actually does that most of
them just use the the transcript and use
the text in the transcript meanwhile I
will do another test on it so one thing
that I really wanted to test with this
is to see how well it's able to do
coding now currently my understanding is
this isn't its main thing that it's
supposed to be doing I don't expect good
results which is fine this is not going
to lower my opinion of it this is more
like a web surfing agent like a
knowledge worker something they can do
some coding like creating HTML websites
Etc but it's not the software engineer
quite yet but this is what we're going
to do we're going to say lots of people
want to get started using a Linux to
create things with AI let's create a
full online course about how to do that
including videos lessons links to
resources Etc start by creating a
walkthrough of how to install Ubuntu so
walk them through the basics of using
Ubuntu they'll need to install something
called Cloud coder I will go ahead and
drop the link in there just so it
doesn't get confused later I'm going to
test it specifically on how well it's
able to find this information online but
currently I'm I'm testing something
different I don't want it to trip up on
that particular thing because I'm
testing something else and I'm I guess
I'm kind of assuming that it will have
some weaknesses or mistakes we'll see it
might not but teach them the basics the
need to install Cloud coder and the
commands that they need so there's like
just a handful of commands that you have
to be able to run in order to install
clot coder so we don't want to like
overwhelmed in the person but at the
same time they need like three or four
different things that they have to type
in in order to proceed assume little to
no Linux experience prior to this then
explain what GitHub is and how to use it
and then find one simple project that
you can try on GitHub by using Cloud
coder to clone the repo this will be a
lesson that demonstrates how to use
GitHub and Cloud coder in conjunction
okay so this is where it's sort of like
generates the lesson plan and Next Step
will be actually creating the website
with the lesson plan make it in dark
mode so create the website that has all
the lessons and walkthroughs make it in
dark mode with a black and yellow theme
all right so we're going to click go so
for the people that may be not familiar
with what I'm talking about here so
basically a lot of the stuff that gets
released in the sort of the AI space
often gets released on Linux and apple
first because they are sort of similar
Apple's OS is sort of built on the same
sort of foundation as Linux and so if
you're a Windows user very often you're
going to be waiting for the updates or
stuff is not going to work as intended
Cloud coder I could not get it to run on
Windows and I do believe more and more
people get interested in using Linux
especially since things like this run on
Linux I think a lot more things will
start running on Linux things like
Ubuntu Etc Ubuntu is sort of a a flavor
a distribution of Linux kind of a
version of it customized for certain
specific things and back in the days you
know 5 10 years ago it was fairly
difficult at least for people that don't
have a lot of experience with it it had
a bit of a learning curve now not only
is it getting a lot better to use
because of all the AI tools that you can
use with it but also it's getting a lot
easier to learn because the AI can
assist you in using it if you have Linux
open you know the terminal in one sort
of window and then something like Chad
PT in another Chad PT will just walk you
through all the commands and exactly
what to do and it's pretty good at doing
so so I think this is going to be I'm
kind of calling it now I think there's
going to be a lot more interesting stuff
like this so what I'm trying to do here
is to create a beginner friendly guide
to how to get into it right so and and
it's going to cover a lot of you know
before you had things like Chad gbt to
help you out doing this would be you
know fairly difficult for a beginner you
know figuring out how GitHub Works
figure out how Cloud coder Works how to
use the command line all these things
would have a steep learning curve but as
you hopefully you'll see now it's it's a
lot easier to get in there and start
building and start tweaking things and
figuring out how they work which I think
is going to be a lot more interesting
for people so let's leave that to do its
thing oh and here we can see Manis using
the terminal okay so we're still able to
see it so let me move this over here so
this is Manis using the Ubuntu terminal
right so as you can see here it's
actually typing in you know change
directory go to this directory and so it
usually what it does when you give a
task a project it starts by creating a
new directory that that it's going to
work on so each project it's own
directory and whatever assets whatever
files it creates to complete that
project go into that directory so this
is very similar to Cloud coder and as
you can see here on the previous page
actually I can probably go back so as
you can see here so it needs Cloud flare
workers so this is likely for creating
the website that we asked it for so as
you can see here it's initializing a get
repository so GitHub is a place where a
lot of people store code that anybody
can use right so I can go there and if
somebody created a piece of software
that does something I can just clone
that to my computer and then I can use
it or work on it to upgrade in some ways
I can either Fork it meaning I can kind
of create a different version and take
it into sort of whatever Direction I
want to or contribute to the original
it's kind of this open source ecosystem
so here it's using that to I'm assuming
this is for building the website so
looks like it's using uh it's talking
about database config it's uh using a
SQL file to reset the D database or
rather this is probably some
documentation that it's reading about
how to do that and so if we go live here
is the layout. TSX which includes the
HTML text for the website that we've
asked for noex is adding all the you
know the copyright and all that stuff in
the footer so it kind of like knows how
to do that stuff this is the cool thing
about kind of the um the agents like
this because you know when you're
dealing with a chatbot you know there's
a certain context window so it it tries
to shorten things up right so if you go
a project that's massive they can't run
it in one thing by creating these kind
of agentic structures you kind of create
these like Loops that it's able to do
like now do this now do this now do it
now do this right and you can do one
thing at a time and here it explains the
Showcase right so this is the AI game
development thing so it's saying this
website highlights the incredible
progress in AI assistant game
development all these games were built
in the last 3 months so this is we're
beginning to see the power of these AI
agents right so you kind of give it this
top level goal and it has enough
intelligence to not only figure out how
to break it into little pieces but when
it gets to for example you know creating
the website knows okay like I need to
describe what this website is right
because it has to appear in for example
Google you know search results plus the
people that are looking at the website
have to know what it is so it figures
out how to describe it based on the
description I gave to it right so it
takes kind of the words that I've used
translates them into the description of
the website it's it's little things like
that like normally you would have to
have a human being that sat there and
thought about that and rewrote it right
there's a little bit of a cognitive load
involved with that but it's lowlevel
it's you know kind of boring if that's
all you had to do it's not high LEL
tasks the huge thing about AI agents
like Manis is that a lot of that stuff
it can do for you right and then if if
it's off if you want to improve it you
can step in and manually adjust things
or just tell it to try again or specify
how it should do it Etc so we have a
space shooter by Alex Finn Frogger with
rocket launch by Micah flight simulator
by Peter levels shooter game by Jagger
Barda and a 3D seen by AI oriented Dev I
think I I'm familiar with like two or
three of those so so as you see here
it's creating a kind of a development
environment to run to render the website
locally so we'll come back to this but
so far this little robot is doing a
great job very very proud so looks like
going back to the Linux AI course it's
now on GitHub and it's checking out okay
so it found a python artificial
intelligence projects for beginners
which is probably the thing that it's
going to use as its demonstration
project wow so for a second there if you
saw that let me see if I can go back so
for a second there I can't quite find
that frame um but for a second there you
could see the the bounding boxes around
kind of all the usable objects on screen
so that's how it seems like it's like
able to navigate stuff like that which
is interesting so that's not quite how
the open aai operator does it the open
aai operator if I understand it actually
uses like real Vision uh the the vision
model looking at the screen and then
moving the mouse to click on it this
still has some sort of a like it it
finds a different objects on there and
then goes to click on them and there are
sort of pros and cons to both from what
I've seen kind of the advantages to
using something like this is you're
going to be much faster and much more
accurate within the things that that
approach can do but there's going to be
some like weird use cases where it it
doesn't quite work like that right so if
you if it's having a hard time defining
certain little things on screen as
objects it might miss those but for most
of the stuff online this is going to be
the faster more accurate just easier
approach so as you can see here you know
one of the course is that it walks you
through is setting up your environment
so if you're going to code of python
it's very good to use certain virtual
environments to make sure that kind of
everything works well within that
environment where you have all the tools
that you need the correct version right
it's just a way to manage the complexity
a little bit so they're walking you
through exactly how to do that so you
have your sort of your terminal bash you
create a directory you navigate to that
directory you create a virtual
environment you activate the virtual
environment and then within that
environment you install the required
packages this looks terrific so far then
it walks you through how to use cloth
coder to clone the the repo this this
looks great I got to say so far I'm very
very impressed all right but let's test
its coding abilities is it a coder so
we're going to create a 3Gs game where
you control a plane make the plane a
World War II fighter plane create
several environments to fly over like
ocean Forest City at a day and night
cycle create an attack function that
fires a machine gun and we're going to
say add lots of visual effects to make
it realistic smoke lens flares Trace
rounds for the machine gun clouds Etc so
let's start there and see where this
takes us if it Nails this that I got to
say would be fairly impressive so
there's this new thing so it says
knowledge suggestions when pending so
let's see what this is okay so this is a
way to store like permanent knowledge or
memory as open AI cause it um so when I
ask for a 3js WW2 fighter plane it's
saying should we just assume you want
all of those things in there which is
pretty cool not quite there yet because
um I want to see how it how it works on
this first attempt and then later maybe
we'll add that as in addition to every
single prompt this is going to be very
effective if you're doing the same thing
over and over again so but we're going
to reject it for now all right but that
was a child's play well not really it's
it's kind of complicated but let's see
if we can uh crank up the difficulty
just a little bit we're going to ask it
to do this so we're going to create a
tool that takes a prompt like a woman is
talking about how amazing this hamster
cage product is and an llm of my choice
writes out a script for that then that
script gets voiced over in 11 Labs with
the voice of my choosing then that voice
over is fed into haen to create a video
Avatar that says the thing that says
that script and use the apis for
everything I will provide API keys and
by the way keep in mind that if it fails
at any one of these then we can always
bump it into that extended thinking mode
so once we figure out like what where
the limit is we'll we'll test that out
as well all right so here we got a
notification Manis is attempting to
deploy a service located at you know
whatever so basically it's asking me if
it's okay to deploy the application to
the public network yeah why not
unleashing this egi onto the internet
what could possibly go wrong all right
so here we have so it's hitting an M
error which is a which is a package
manager for for JavaScript but as you
can see here so when it encounters an
error it just completes it it it keeps
troubleshooting and figuring out how to
get around it Etc creating optimized
production build so not that long ago if
you recall we were sitting here kind of
like dreaming anticipating the day then
something like this would exist where
you tell it to do something and it just
goes off because I mean some of these
things have been running for 20 minutes
now right so for 20 minutes from one
prompt this thing is sitting there and
just thinking and work and doing and
troubleshooting optimizing with almost
zero input from me now if it's able to
create these World War II fighter
playing games by the way look at this
this subtask right list this this game
development right look at how many
subtasks it created right environments
ocean Forest City environment switching
mechanism day night cycle machine like
like look at that so we're about I don't
know 20 minutes in maybe and we're less
than a third of the way maybe a third of
the way into it completing all the
things by the way really fast so if it
can do something like this and keep on
adding various functionality to it in an
effective manner why is that important
right is it just that oh now you have a
little shooting plane game that you can
mess around with well you know again
this is the fly Peter game that he
created very very quickly so you know
you can have the various different
things you can purchase different planes
like the F16 but we'll just start with
the Cessna all right so you know I I'll
have the sound off so it doesn't get too
annoying but you know this this game is
multiplayer so you're able to fly around
with a lot of different people all over
the world and as you can see here like
right this blimp says a synth flow on it
Etc freelancer whatever right so these
are people that chose to pay money to
advertise within this game and this game
is pulling in quite a bit of money from
these advertisements even if I see it
correctly an advertisement on the moon
can't quite tell what it is but it's
there right and that game rapidly scaled
up to where it's making 50,000 a month
and I even been seeing uh potentially
got up to 100,000 a month in monthly
recurring revenue or maybe it's not
recurring if it's like a sponsorship
placements I'm not sure but the point is
it's it's a lot from something that was
created very quickly so initially it was
made in just 30 minutes with AI tools so
it kind of gives you a glimpse into how
quickly these things are proceeding
because when you know claw 3.7 grock 3
when they came out it really
supercharged developers to create a lot
of stuff things that could be scaled up
very very quickly to make significant
amounts of money so people used
something like cursor which is a
development environment that's
integrated with these large language
models like Claude or 03 mini High
whichever one you prefer but you still
needed to know some things in order to
kind of use it you still have to have
some technical background with this and
again we have to see how well it's going
to complete these tasks but it does seem
more and more that these large language
models these AI tools they're kind of
separating the human from like the code
the command line because you know in the
very beginning a long long time ago
everything had to be written out by hand
right so each word each letter of the of
the code had to be done by a human each
command line had to be written out you
know on a keyboard Etc and now as you
can see here this AI tool is running the
commands in the command line it's
creating the documents is populating it
with code so far I didn't do anything I
didn't write one bit of code I wrote
everything out in natural language in
English and the important thing to keep
in mind is so I don't know how well this
thing is going to come out like the
coding how well it's going to come out
but here's the thing that the large
language models that are being used by
this I don't know exactly what they're
using but they're saying that they've
been fine-tuned so they took some
probably open- Source large language
model they've fine-tuned it to be good
at you know being Manis Etc and that's
what's being used and they said that
they're going to open source this thing
later this here 2025 so think about that
for a second so in 2025 let's say you
have this entire sort of scaffolding
right the the what Manis is so if you
think of this thing as scaffolding plus
a large language model that's kind of
what this is by scaffolding I mean the
thing that's you know kind of like that
kind of says okay so first thing you
know create these subtasks and then run
these commands right so it kind of like
turns this into an agent right allows it
to surf the web Etc but I think the
important thing to understand here is
that if it is open source then and and
the whatever large language models that
they're using under the hood isn't the
top of the line they can very simply
switch in the top of the line right you
can put in Cloud 3.7 Sonet or grock 3 or
03 mini high or any time the next big
thing comes out you just put it in there
I'm curious to know if they're using
deep seek for this that would certainly
make sense all right so here it's saying
it's waiting for user all right so this
is Manis it says thank you for your
patience a very very polite I like that
okay so it says we've completed the
Ubuntu installation Basics Etc and it's
saying should I just continue working
making the adjustments or show you a
preview I'm going to say preview
actually now that I'm thinking about it
I'm going to say preview please this
thing is a little bit too advanced I I
feel like I should be polite back
preview please so I going to deploy a
temporary version so you can see how it
looks with the Dark theme using black
and yellow colors meanwhile our AI
generate video games so it's also asking
if it should deploy to the public
network let's say go for it and our
automated video creation with llm and
apis it's asking for the API Keys now
interestingly in anthropics and Cloud
coder when it's time to get to the point
where you know you give up your API keys
to the thing I mean there's obviously
security issues with that so Cloud coder
refuses to do it but then if you just
you know you copy and paste your uh API
key in there it kind of like it like
lectures you about it kind of grumbles
about it's like well you really
shouldn't do that young young sir but it
it does still take the API keys and put
it where it's supposed to go again you
know don't do this or at least be aware
of the risks of doing this I'm willing
to be your giddy pig to test this thing
out but you know there are security
issues with just doing something like
this all right so I added all of my API
keys this is one of those things where
you have to be careful what you're doing
I plan to delete those API keys after
testing this thing you know and before
uploading this video but I've created
unique API keys for testing this thing
and later if I wanted to use it long
term I would actually have to go in
myself and add those keys in a secure
way but let's take a look at our AI
generated video game research preview so
we're going to click to view and wow it
is glorious absolutely glorious oh wow
and it's got the little scrolling text
absolutely incredible look at that games
created with AI tools like cursor Gro 3
and Cloud 3.7 in the last 3 months so it
kind of literally copied what I said but
that's okay no coding experience
required the future of game development
is here okay and it added those this is
I mean this is good so far so good right
wow all right recently created with AI
we got the space shooter game by Alex
Finn it's got oh and it like has a
little popup thing wow okay this is very
good and look at that it writes out uh
how it was created we can click on more
info and it gives us more info I wow wow
wow wow used grock's deep research for
research and planning used grock's think
or Cloud 3.7 to execute the code
deployed via GitHub all the resources it
it gives how many followers this person
has look at that it's got the YouTube
channel a newsletter a website notable
results it got multiple Elon Musk
retweets very very cool but okay but
where's the game dude okay so it doesn't
have a link to the game but but not
everybody hosts their game online but I
know Peter fly Peter does so let's see
if it has the oh okay so it has a play
game and more info okay and this this
winter 3D game okay so if I click play
game okay it takes me to this thing and
if I click play game it takes me to the
game this is terrific okay so that's
that's good okay okay so this is the
game you can click to move the bear
around zoom in and out okay very very
cool all right and it provides the AI
tools used as well as the Creator
resources it tells you how to recreate
this thing so basically what I was
trying to do with this uh particular
prompt is you know right now people are
super interested in all these games
people want to learn how to create them
people want to see who's creating what
and it would be kind of cool to have
like one resource one website that has
you know an Ever updating list of all
these games with any resource that we
know about how to create these games and
if you wanted to recreate it how would
you go about recreating that now
obviously you know if you were doing it
yourself that would be kind of a pain in
the butt right it would take a lot of
time a lot of research but as you can
see here this was all done with you know
me being AFK basically right I give it a
prompt I go away now the next step would
be to see how well we're able to add on
to this right so can we include more
resources can we include more games I
mean you can imagine just having that
thing kind of run every 24 hours or
whatever updating this database uh in
real time basically creating a perfect
sort of ever updated resource for people
looking for this stuff I I'm just I'm
blown away I am absolutely Blown Away
okay I mean this is A+ right this is
kind of mindblowing from one prompt keep
in mind we're going to test sort of
iterating on this but so far wow okay so
it presented the final deliverables to
user okay we're going to come back to
this but wow all right so our buun
course is ready to be deployed to the
public network go for it did we not say
that already not sure oh okay so it's
this is the preview it's asking us do we
want to continue working it or do we
want to get the preview and the WW2
fighter plane still working automated
video creation still working and so it
looks like there's a Manis dospace where
it hosts these things for its user so it
kind of generates a random username for
you and then creates it so mine is Gizzy
yazel Manis dospace so I'll post this
link down below if you wanted to check
it out this this is throwing me a little
bit here this this feels like a little
bit too good you know what I'm going to
start a new session here and uh I'm
going to say research everything you can
about Manis AI what llm are they using
for it who's behind it what Vision model
are they using Etc anything and
everything about how this thing is made
let's see where that takes us all right
and it looks like our World War 2
fighter plane game is ready to be tested
out it has been submitted for our
approval all right so we're getting a
little uh error so we got an error
message I'm just going to post it right
back in there you know that Meme where
Fry from Futurama is like Shut Up And
Take My Money uh this might be one of
those products where it's like I feel
like I need a subscription to this I
want to be testing out like the extended
version of it this this thing is kind of
Bonkers all right let's do one more
thing so all right let's say I invested
$1,000 each into the following stocks
Nvidia Microsoft Google Tesla Amazon
meta on January 01 2020 so create a cool
looking display of my investments
include a way to customize the view to
see the data in detail so let's see how
it sort of interprets that I literally
was just saying how like just you know
shut up and take my money I want to keep
using it I ran out of my standard but I
still have sort of one high effort task
remaining and and ideally I'm going to
use that for whatever it fails to do or
for whatever it sort of like struggles
with here is our fighter plane jet
fighting thing and it's not showing up
okay so right off the bat it doesn't
seem to be functioning so I load a
screenshot and I said the heads up
display shows up but nothing else so I
think it should be able to figure that
out and so it's on it so it looks like
we can still continue going back and
forth with the previous projects we just
can't start new ones interestingly it
has these little sort of uh icons
displaying so this one's like stocks or
charts right this one's gaming so it's
pretty good at at naming and Visually
kind of referencing these so it's a
little bit easier to find all right I'll
go ahead and delete this one for the
time being and here's our Linux AI
development course that's looking pretty
neat so we might mess around to change
the visuals but so far so good so you
can start with start learning so it
walks you through understanding Ubuntu
what you need to do before you begin
backing up your data Etc it's got you
links to where you need to go creating a
bootable USB drive with link to rofus
phenomenal it seems perfect I'm not
going line by line but man yeah
everything is just like it's snailing
all the points uh the various you know
stuff you need to to get started just
the basics right graphic drivers Etc
walks you through the terminal how to
start the terminal gives you the
keyboard shortcut perfect how to
navigate through the terminal this is
terrific I mean I guess that's not that
impressive I mean cuz this is available
in like 50 million different places
online so this this shouldn't be that
impressive but notice that it did do a
very good job what I wanted what I
described because in this one I gave it
very specifically here's what I want it
did that I would say flawlessly yeah
it's going through node.js and then how
to install clot coder if I was going to
nitpick just a little bit this does not
belong here so this is they've copied
this from the installation page on
anthropic and saying if you're using
Windows subsist systems so yeah I mean
that's an important thing to know but in
the context of this thing we're not so
this is literally how to install Linux
um and then use it so but again I can't
say this is wrong it's just maybe not
needed probably not needed but otherwise
terrific then we have a a brief GitHub
tutorial and a project demo okay so this
is where I was curious if I was going to
drop the ball or not so basically what
we're doing is we are asking you to do
something that the documentation for
which isn't really available online
because you know normally if you want to
install a project from GitHub there's
documentation on that if you want to
install clot coder there's documentation
on that but if you wanted to use clot
coder to have clot coder install the or
you know clone the GitHub repository
there's not going to be a lot of
information on that it's kind of a brand
new thing so I was curious to see if it
would figure it out this to me shows
that whatever model they're using under
the hood is is smart is powerful this
isn't some half-baked model they're
using it figured it out based on context
cuz again there's not a lot of like data
out there on this so to figured out that
in order to clone the repository with
Cloud coder you don't run the commands
yourself you tell CLA coder I I want to
clone this project from this person or
whatever on GitHub so I hope you
understand kind of what I'm saying here
like this this this thing that it did
right here this whole thing this took
intelligence took learning this is not
available online there's not a lot of
resource that spell this out this is
kind of crazy I got to say I'm curious
what they're using what model they're
using for this then they're saying clot
coder will help you with the process
suggesting the appropriate git command
how do they know this as far as you can
tell it it went it read read the manual
it read anthropics manual this is way
better than than than I would have
expected I am kind of Blown Away this
thing seems smarter than it should be
yeah walks you through how to use CLA
coder exploring the database adding
visualizations and it's literally
telling you how to commit changes to
GitHub again with Claude coder how did
it this is this seems like it's an
output from Claude I'm wondering if it
like actually installed coder on its own
thing to then run it it's something this
is weird this is weird I'm I'm a little
bit blown away this this this is
throwing me for a loop here um okay I'm
not 100% sure how it did that I so I
know that it read anthropics
documentation on Claude coder so as far
as I can tell it like understood what
what Claude coder was kind of like and
it was able to kind of imagine what it
would say and what it would do in those
scenarios maybe I'm missing something
but this this feels this whole thing
kind of feels Next Level somehow next
we're testing our fighter plane but
sandbox not found so we just paste that
right back in there so it did a lot of
research on itself basically and it's
saying that Manis likly employs
technology similar to deep seek R1 and
V3 models while the specific Vision
model isn't explicitly named Manis has
confirmed multi modal capabilities
including image processing and Analysis
as part of its system so we've tested
uploading a screenshot but now that I
think about it I actually kind of told
it what's in the screenshot as as one of
our next tests will be kind of like just
uploading visual information to see how
well it's able to do that because I did
kind of spell it out in the text I said
this is what this is what's rendering
this is what is not rendering so it it
didn't even need a screenshot really and
uh Manis uses a multi-agent architecture
where specialized AI sub agents operate
independently under executive oversight
it features cloud-based asynchronous
operation and sandbox virtual
environments for safety so there was a
little bit of a confusion here because
it's um created a readme file it's like
oh clone the repository but there's no
repository it's just a bunch of files
that it has on its computer so we kind
of had to go back and forth and have to
say okay just zip all the files and and
G them to me now what I think might be
happening is since we ran out of our
sort of quota for the day and now we're
still going back and forth and talking
within a certain project maybe
downgrades you to a different model
that's not quite escapable I'm going to
need to do more testing to like figure
it out but this seems like a fairly
simple problem to solve basically it
thinks that all the files are that you
have all the files but it's actually on
its computer so so you have to kind of
connect the dots for it but uh we'll see
if it works all right but next we have
our video Creation with LM and apis 11
Labs so the haen API it could not get it
to work there seemed to be some issues
we're going to look at that later so for
the time being I just said use open AI
to create a script and then 11 labs to
voice that script so it completed it it
gave me the project file here and it
explained how to install it so I just
copi and pasted the command it told me
to and then installed all the
requirements we run the command and we
just type in whatever prompt we want
into it so we're going to say Manis is
the best AI Agent app for world
domination so let's see what it does
with that and so what it's doing is it's
sending that through an API to the open
AI client and the open AI whatever model
we're using 40 probably it sort of
creates a little script of a person kind
of like talking about how awesome the
thing is that I requested then it takes
that script it sends it to the 11 Labs
API so that it's able to produce it in
an AI voice and then it takes that and
saves it in this folder so here we have
the generated script and the speech
output let's take a listen hey everyone
if you've ever dreamed of taking over
the world or at least felt like you
could manage things a bit better than
the powers that be then you've got to
check out Manis the ultimate AI Agent
app designed for well world domination
now I know how that sounds a bit like a
plot out of a sci-fi movie right but
hear me out Manis isn't just any app
it's designed with the kind of features
that not only help you make smarter
decisions but actually anticipate
problems before they arise it goes on
for a while so again rating this I mean
it's excellent again it wasn't able to
troubleshoot the hay video generation
but I actually haven't used it in a
while so maybe there's some issues that
I'm not aware of so I'm going to try to
after this see if there's like some
issue that's caused by haen and if
that's the case I'll just provide a
solution to this thing cuz I feel like I
feel like it should be able to do it if
this is caused by haen I would give it
an a for this uh for nailing the prompt
if this was something that it failed at
then that certainly marks it down to a b
or a C+ but I still want to give it a
very high rating because so much of it
was was done really well I mean created
all the files it it taught me how to set
up those files right how to run the
application so I gave it the API keys
and it sort of put them in the config
slnv file it has a read me file it even
created like a like a web interface
here's kind of uh what that looks like
right if you say rats are not pets I if
you have a rat then we can select
whatever voice that we want and click
generate audio so it's processing our
request and here's the generate audio
okay let's talk about rats now when you
hear the word rat what comes to mind
maybe you think of dark alleys or
perhaps old cartoons with villains
surrounded by these creatures there's a
good reason for these associations rats
in the wild so as you can see there's a
lot of good stuff Happening Here the
reason it has that failed to generate
audio is some of these voices are like
premium voices and I guess I've and I
think I've downgraded my subscription
recently so I can use the default voice
but not some of the other voices but it
throws up that error message but it's
still completes the task with the
default voice all right so here towards
the end so we kept getting console
errors I'm putting it back in there and
it says matus performance May decline so
it it stopped so I think the reason that
is happening is they're getting hit with
a lot of people trying to test this
these things out I'm sure they're
melting their servers so we ran into
we've hit a limit a while ago and we
still continued you know updating and
and going under each of the tasks that
we were allowed to start we kept doing
follow-up questions digging deeper and
deeper so I think probably we I would
assume maybe we got downgraded to a
lesser model and eventually this thing
just sto because we've hit some limit so
I I don't quite want to give it a rating
on this for a number of reasons one
first of all it's not a software
development agent it's kind of a general
well-rounded agent two I should probably
use the extended version version of this
cuz this is a fairly complicated prompt
that requires a lot of coding a lot of
back and forth and some of these issues
I ran into with other coders as well so
I don't want to give it a final score
without really testing it just on this
prompt on its own when I have my full
sort of quota available to me Etc but on
all the other tasks I got to say I'm
kind of blown away so the website about
the AI generated video games made with a
kind of 90s video game theme I love it I
love everything about it it is
phenomenal right it did it really
captured exactly what we wanted to gives
a lot of info about the games a lot of
resources everything it's obviously
doing its research just phenomenal it
also links to the games themselves also
gives you more info this is all I could
have hoped for and more and now if I'm
able to I can run follow-up commands to
say Okay add five more games or add
these features that you want to talk
about to every single game or every
single listing Etc we're at a point
where if you're designing websites or
you want a website designed for you you
don't have to hire somebody you can just
tell this thing what to do and it'll go
and and do it it'll update it uh
eventually if you can even schedule
tasks like every morning go out there
and find if there's a new game and add
it to the resource you're basically just
kind of like queuing these things up to
happen at certain intervals that feature
as far as I know is not available but
that's super simple everything else just
seems to be there and and ready to go
this is like a plus to me just
mind-blowing so this is the Linux AI
development course it designed like a
little V graphic for it and like I said
I was kind of Blown Away here because I
was sure I was going to get some of
these things wrong because some of the
stuff isn't really like available online
yet like how do you use CLA coder to
work with GitHub it it nailed it and I'm
not 100% sure how it did that I'd be
curious to know like it seemed like it
just like read the manual and then just
just it's a really smart model
underneath it that figured out how to
sort of like put that information
together just kind of mind-blowing if I
had to nitpick there was like one or two
things in there specifically like this
section that like I would not have put
in there because again the whole point
of this is to install Linux right and
saying here if you're using Windows
subsystems for Linux you can do this I
understand why I put it in there it's
not needed so kind of like if I had to
nitpick out say this this section would
not be in there but everything else is
just just perfect A+ then we did a very
simple just overview of Manus Ai and it
brought back some really good
information and it gave me this whole
massive research that it conducted like
just really deep dive onto every single
member of the company where it's coming
from what open source architecture it's
using deep seek Etc I mean just really
really huge in-depth things and then
also and gave me this really simple like
four bullet point description that kind
of gives me like the top level overview
of what I need to know again A+ probably
a simpler prompt but I was impressed
with the sort of depth of knowledge the
Little Gems of wisdom that I was able to
find online and fairly quickly too again
A+ blown away next thing is the
automated you know using openai API to
then write a script that script uses the
11 Labs API to to do a voice over that
voiceover gets popped into haen to
create a video it struggled a lot with
setting up haen what I had to do is
actually I realized that I didn't have a
haen subscription at the time so I
re-enabled it I regenerate the API key I
gave it to it it still wasn't able to do
it so it didn't complete a part of the
prompt but I don't to call it as that
was its mistake it might have been just
something to do with my account at the
time or how the API is I still have to
see why specifically it failed so I
don't want to gr it on that aspect of it
but the rest of it it handled flawlessly
it gave me all the files it created a
read me it told me how to like install
it and run it locally it even created a
little web UI that it could use it put
the API keys in the right place both for
functionality and just like security
basically if it put the API Keys kind of
just in the main code right and then you
wanted to upload it to GitHub you'd sort
of expose your API Keys publicly but
there's certain locations where you
you're supposed to put your API key so
that if you're you know sharing it with
G GitHub and stuff like that those don't
get shared it put them in the right
place so not only does it understand how
to like use them functionally but also
like where to put them for security
purposes and again I would say this is
an A+ assuming that the issue of the
haen was on haen side not on mana's side
but still it's very impressive in any
case and our World War II simulation I'm
not ready to call it yet I'm going to
have to like rerun it and see what the
issue is looks like we hit the context
window on here so and this makes sense
uh what I maybe should have done is
actually once it completed it I could
have just throw it in a cursor or
something else and had that
troubleshooted because that's
specifically made to be a software
engineer you know an AI used for coding
this isn't so this might might not have
been like the best way to test it but
based on everything I've seen this is
just extremely exciting extremely
capable multiple times where I was kind
of like Blown Away by what it was able
to do and they're talking about open
sourcing some of it so I'm not sure
exactly if they're doing everything all
of it or just certain portions of it so
we'll see but man this thing feels very
powerful and it feels ahead of open Ai
and anthropic in terms of like the AI
agents sort of structure that they've
created so let me know what you think
but from my experience from what I've
seen online people are losing their
minds over this thing if you've made it
this far thank you so much for watching
my name is Wes rth and I'll see you next
time